README.md, before:

# Week-6-Group-Project
### Group Project for Big Ideas Week 6 Lab


#### Description and Usage
This program takes in the name, age, and the amount of years the user wishes to know how old they will be in. It then adds the age and amount of years and displays the total age the user will be in X years.

#### Group Members
Caleb Beichner, Jayden Serenari, Shorya Kohli

#### License
The MIT License
Copyright 2019 Caleb Beichner, Jayden Serenari, Shorya Kohli

*Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.*


This above license was chosen to give anyone the right to use our code in any way the may wish, as long as the MIT license and copyright label are preserved alongside any copies of the aforementioned code.

Commit message:

Edited README with Code of Conduct

README.md, after:

# Week-6-Group-Project
### Group Project for Big Ideas Week 6 Lab


#### Description and Usage
This program takes in the name, age, and the amount of years the user wishes to know how old they will be in. It then adds the age and amount of years and displays the total age the user will be in X years.

#### Group Members
Caleb Beichner, Jayden Serenari, Shorya Kohli

#### License
The MIT License
Copyright 2019 Caleb Beichner, Jayden Serenari, Shorya Kohli

This above license was chosen to give anyone the right to use our code in any way the may wish, as long as the MIT license and copyright label are preserved alongside any copies of the aforementioned code.

The full license can be found in the LICENSE file.

#### Code of Conduct

The code of conduct was created with a fair and just use of our program in mind, while making certain that using the program does not become burdened with restricitons.

The full conduct can be found in the Code-of-Conduct file.





<sub><sup>Congrats! You made it to the bottom of our README!</sub></sup>
